matter: include EXTRAVERSION in Matter software version string (#17787)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * The default Trusted Storage AEAD key to Hardware Unique Key (HUK) for supported nRF54L Series devices.
  * Renamed the ``CONFIG_CHIP_FACTORY_RESET_ERASE_NVS`` Kconfig option to :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_FACTORY_RESET_ERASE_SETTINGS`.
    The new Kconfig option now works for both NVS and ZMS file system backends.

>   * The firmware version format used for informational purposes when using the :file:``VERSION`` file to include the ``EXTRAVERSION`` component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The firmware version format used for informational purposes when using the :file:``VERSION`` file.
    The format now includes the ``EXTRAVERSION`` component.
```
Could also be "the optional \`\`EXTRAVERSION`` component" if we want to highlight that it isn't necessary to use the component.
